Gwenevere Abriel: Continuation of Laura Lu Han bio psychosocial started at
Gwenevere Abriel: 9am Mountain Standard Time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please for Lori's bio psychosocial don't delete the stuff that I have typed, I'm afraid.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just, just add to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just in case something happens to the recording.
Galaxy A10e: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Honey, all right. That worked out. All right, let me open up the note and we should be cruising through this pretty quickly.
Galaxy A10e: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And, um, are you
Gwenevere Abriel: With anyone that you're going to be uncomfortable responding to questions.
Gwenevere Abriel: That
Gwenevere Abriel: Are very personal.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just for now. Would you put the cigarette out only because we kind of have to think about it as if we're in a business office, it will
Galaxy A10e: affect you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got it. Okay, here we go live right back in. I'm so glad you were available because this means that
Galaxy A10e: We can, yeah. Gotcha. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we were in kind of a difficult right discussion, we were talking about a history of behavior from your parents, the way they disciplined.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: So the different people that may or may not have caused physical abuse that I have a list, did you experience physical abuse from a family member, a friend, a partner or a stranger, any of those
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which one's
Galaxy A10e: A partner and family member.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it.
Galaxy A10e: And I'm saying you're answering your sorry. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, stranger. Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you a survivor of sexual trauma.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: From family member.
Gwenevere Abriel: Friend partner or stranger.
Galaxy A10e: Fan member and stranger. I mean not changing. Try and partner, partner. Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And was any of this sexual assault, was it ever before the age of 18
Galaxy A10e: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: How old were you
Galaxy A10e: One was 17 and one was like nine to 10 Amanda
Galaxy A10e: And
Was this
Gwenevere Abriel: An uncle or cousin father
Galaxy A10e: My dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was from nine to 10
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the, the, the, you're a survivor of a rave at age 17. Is that correct, yeah.
Galaxy A10e: That one time.
Gwenevere Abriel: boyfriend at the time. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And did you ever report the your father's behavior at 9am
Galaxy A10e: To 9am appointment. Whenever I was like 15 AND THE KIDS GOT DRAFTED because he works for the state. So we got here is like a mother has ties to get a job.
I'm so sorry that happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about a 17 was that assault.
Galaxy A10e: Reported to the authorities I yeah I was actually we actually involves got sick and he was told to find another place to see that right and then we ended up getting evicted from you.
Galaxy A10e: Know my first one that was kind of a big thing for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so sorry. The connection was bad. What was the it was the first time, what
Galaxy A10e: The first time that the number we got, what, like we got separated that night by the cops and he got told to find that like another place to live. Right. And we won't go to think about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the first time you've ever been evicted. That's the event first time evicted.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah yeah yeah
Galaxy A10e: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I couldn't tell if you were saying first time arrested first time assaulted. I couldn't tell.
You I
Galaxy A10e: Know, I got to make it right.
Gwenevere Abriel: First time evicted. Got it. Okay, that's
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, when you were younger. Did you ever get into fights.
Galaxy A10e: And I ever
Gwenevere Abriel: Get into fights.
Galaxy A10e: I know now is very non fighting
Galaxy A10e: To get
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you run away from home.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Galaxy A10e: Did you steal no yeah 17 I have one shoplifting case at Walmart.
Gwenevere Abriel: You ever bring a weapon to school.
Galaxy A10e: No. Yeah, actually I brought a blade to school to cut myself with
Galaxy A10e: ended up finding it on me and I got a sense for 14
Gwenevere Abriel: Any binge eating in your history ever large quantities of sugary or salt or fatty foods and then you try and purge it now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you habitually skip school true went from school not okay any fire setting where you like to set fires. That's okay. How far did you get in school.
Gwenevere Abriel: How far did you get in school.
Galaxy A10e: I graduated I enterprises degree in psychology. I graduated high school. You're early though so
Galaxy A10e: So I started college and I was in one of our action 16
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you in the car with your mother.
Who you in the car with
Gwenevere Abriel: Your
Galaxy A10e: Mom, I said.
Gwenevere Abriel: I heard her
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, here we go.
I got
Gwenevere Abriel: I got, I got you, I got you. Okay, there we go. Um, now you can decline to answer these, you know, you have, you certainly could have said, hey, the timings not right. I'll wait till them somewhere else and you can certainly do that.
Galaxy A10e: She has nothing too hot for me is
Galaxy A10e: She I know everything that you're asking her, she's good.
Galaxy A10e: Okay, no, you need to finish this before you go in there. Okay.
Galaxy A10e: Grab the gases right now.
Galaxy A10e: How long have you
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you currently so. Are you employed yes now.
Galaxy A10e: What
Galaxy A10e: You don't have your hearing aids on
Galaxy A10e: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you financially stable or unstable.
Galaxy A10e: I'm financially stable, my dad. My dad and my stepmom right now they're supporting
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you identify as heterosexual bisexual lesbian or other
Galaxy A10e: Strange straight. Last time I checked,
Gwenevere Abriel: Typical romantic relationships for you. Were they ever abusive controlling chaotic exploitive
Galaxy A10e: Yeah. One of them was
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you in a romantic relationship.
Galaxy A10e: Right, what
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you in a current
Galaxy A10e: Oh yeah, yeah, I'm going to enter a relationship not abusive, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it close loving intimate filling
Galaxy A10e: Is it into it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me try again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me try again. Try again. But what about current relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: How long have you been with him.
Galaxy A10e: One year and seven months.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Is he controlling is he
Galaxy A10e: No, no, no, no, no. Okay. No, no, he's not controlling it all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you guys are you close and is, is it a loving relationship.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go into never been married, as I recall.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you you made earlier living arrangements, you're living with, let me see if I can find it to do to do. Hold on. I see. I gotta take that one in. So you're living with step.
Gwenevere Abriel: MOTHER WHO ELSE.
Galaxy A10e: My dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: biological father
Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: It's because of the court orders made it to where I have to live with them in order to get to put in whatever my dad signed off on me getting out of prison.
Galaxy A10e: My court date.
Gwenevere Abriel: When is that court date.
Galaxy A10e: I don't know, got everything got postponed, I'm only do
Gwenevere Abriel: You have any pets.
Galaxy A10e: No, not living with me. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: No Pets. Do you have any children now.
Galaxy A10e: Think my
Gwenevere Abriel: denies having children.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm moves. Okay. Real quick, I've got hobbies legal history. And then I'm going to ask you a couple quick questions. This move through this and then you'll be good to go. What are your hobbies.
Galaxy A10e: Should you go
Galaxy A10e: Coding in a coloring book.
Galaxy A10e: That's really it.
So do
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And how many times have you been arrested in your lifetime.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or and where they all for possession charges of
Galaxy A10e: criminal mischief for the first three. The first one was for a
Galaxy A10e: POLICE SCANNER app on my phone misdemeanor.
Galaxy A10e: And then the other two for not showing up.
Galaxy A10e: And I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Okay. Well, in this room is dirty UAE
Galaxy A10e: And then the other ones are not sure
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay there hadn't been in a rush for someone to to be screening you for a drug screen to have been a reason why they were screening you so what open case was going on that they were drug screen or
Galaxy A10e: Possession tying it in with the, with the voice hanger like there was there was tapping each other, they were coming
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, possession charge. Do you have an open case now for your on pretrial release probation for
Galaxy A10e: A month which are they right now and I got arrested because I had a federal work.
Galaxy A10e: Before time and that's it.
Galaxy A10e: So interesting the
Gwenevere Abriel: Most number of months or years you've been in custody collectively put together is what
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm donkey. What about
Gwenevere Abriel: We got the homies. We got the arrest, we got an open case baba baba Mama, mama. Okay, um, as far as a couple goals for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is a goal around the substance use that you have kind of phrase it in. I want. So I want this typically people say, I want more of this or I want less of something else. So if you could phrase your own goal, not mine. Because this is for you. What would your goal be here in this program.
Galaxy A10e: To control my anger better. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to learn to control my anger better
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's
Galaxy A10e: Not it beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything around substance. You see, you want to make a change with
Galaxy A10e: Um,
Galaxy A10e: Well yeah, I want to stay sober, but that's a given. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: No, it's not. I it you're in a treatment program. So I want to write down exactly what you want. I don't make any assumptions. There are plenty of people
Galaxy A10e: I will open. Yeah, I want to continue to stay aware and continue to
Galaxy A10e: I guess discuss my medication use
Galaxy A10e: Okay, good. We miss you guys that way. You know, I know what I need to like, you know, like whenever, whenever I told you that I should be stripping the hat, the other day, or whatever, like that. I mean, I want to communicate with you guys. That way I know how much is that you can take and whatnot.
Gwenevere Abriel: Useful. Okay, so I'm going to reach out to you when you're not so busy and I'm going to talk to you about the I O P that you're getting
Gwenevere Abriel: I have a, I have a concern is unethical to have two treatment providers, giving you the same service. So I'm going to need to talk to you about that we're going to do it when you have more time. Okay, so I'm going to give you a call for now I want to set an appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we'll have to take it from there. Probably need to talk to you.
Galaxy A10e: Around that
Galaxy A10e: Open schedule. So whatever
Gwenevere Abriel: About we see each other next Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's for individual therapy, there's a
Galaxy A10e: March 27 next Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: March 27 9am Mountain Standard Time.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is next Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's a lot of time in between now and then.
Gwenevere Abriel: You will have come to another group and I'll be able to talk to you more about what I just said, which has to do with the conflict of interest, having multiple treatment providers, you're, you're receiving psychotherapy from someone else.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to really lean in and understand that more. Okay.
Galaxy A10e: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we'll talk more. Listen. Have a safe and it was a pleasure to meet you. And next time we meet, nice and slow.
Galaxy A10e: Okay, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'm sorry. It was such a hard assessment and these are no fun for anyone.
Enjoy.